UPDATE readme with section about OEM "optimizations" and a guide to do a sanity check (#2)
mbestavros/browser-power-hour: README.md

Should work out of the box.

#### OEM "optimizations"

In the past OEMs have been caught artifically limiting the performance of certain detected Apps which often included various different browsers. Notably Oneplus ([source](https://arstechnica.com/gadgets/2021/07/oneplus-admits-to-throttling-phones-after-launch-to-improve-battery-life/#:~:text=We%20have%20detected%20that%20OnePlus%20is%20blacklisting%20popular,top%20popular%20non-benchmark%20apps%20get%20notably%20reduced%20performance.)) and Samsung ([source](https://www.androidauthority.com/samsung-gos-throttling-apps-3125885/)) in the last couple of years.
Since the purpose of the benchmark is not to test some OEM cheating software you should perform a quick sanity check if the performance of your browser roughly falls roughly in line with other devices with the same chipset or primary CPU core. 

> The benchmark [Octane JS by Google](https://chromium.github.io/octane) is a pure Javascript benchmark and runs in less than a minute and yields very constistant results. If the results for your device are more than 30% off its likley that some manipulation is going on. You can also try to prevent this by enabling any performance mode and disabling any battery saving related features on the device if available, however in the case of Samsung and Oneplus this still did not remove the artifical limits.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you'd like to test whether performance throttling may be occurring, try running the [Octane JS benchmark by Google](https://chromium.github.io/octane) - it runs in less than a minute and yields very consistent results. Compare to the table below - if the results for your device/SoC are more than 30% off, it's likely that some manipulation is going on. You can try to prevent this by disabling battery saving features or enabling "performance modes" - however, this may still not remove the artificial limits on Samsung and OnePlus devices.
```

> Also due to the singlethreaded nature of Javascript when using an App to monitor your phones CPU Clocks Speeds like [CPU Float](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.waterdaaan.cpufloat&utm_source=global_co&utm_medium=prtnr&utm_content=Mar2515&utm_campaign=PartBadge&pcampaignid=MKT-Other-global-all-co-prtnr-py-PartBadge-Mar2515-1) upon starting the benchmarks the phone should almost immediatly reach the advertised max. CPU Clock or something close to it on at least one core.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An additional testing method would be to monitor your phone's CPU clockspeeds using an app like [CPU Float](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.waterdaaan.cpufloat&utm_source=global_co&utm_medium=prtnr&utm_content=Mar2515&utm_campaign=PartBadge&pcampaignid=MKT-Other-global-all-co-prtnr-py-PartBadge-Mar2515-1). Upon starting the benchmarks, the phone should almost immediately reach the advertised maximum CPU clock (or something close to it) on at least one core.
```

| Snapdragon 845 | Modified Cortex-A75 @ 2.8 GHz  | ~ 23000           | ~ 13000          |
| Snapdragon 855 | Modified Cortex-A76 @ 2.84 Ghz | ~ 32000           | ~ 19000          |
| Snapdragon 865 | Cortex-A77 @ 2.84 GHz          | ~ 41000           | ~ 22000          |
| Exynos 7420    | Cortex-A57 @ 2.1 GHz           | ~ 10800           | ~ 5300           |
| Exynos 8890    | Samsung M1 @ 2.6 Ghz           | ~ 13000           | ~ 8500           |
| Exynos 8895    | Samsung M2 @ 2.3 Ghz           | ~ 17000           | ~ 9300           |
| Exynos 9810    | Samsung M3 @ 2.9 Ghz           | ~ 24000           | ~ 12000          |
| Exynos 9820    | Samsung M4 @ 2.7 Ghz           | ~ 33000           | ~ 18000          |
| Kirin 955      | Cortex A-72 @ 2.55 Ghz         | ~ 14500           | ~ 8000           |
| Kirin 960      | Cortex A-73 @ 2.3GHz           | ~ 13500           | ~ 8000           |
| Kirin 970      | Cortex A-73 @ 2.3GHz           | ~ 14000           | ~ 8500           |
| Kirin 980      | Cortex A-76 @ 2.6 Ghz          | ~ 31000           | ~ 17000          |
| MTK Helio X20  | Cortex A-72 @ 2.3 Ghz          | ~ 11000           | ~ 6500           |

> 

Reviewer: Consider wrapping this in [spoiler text](https://gist.github.com/GuillaumeFalourd/9305b6372bc1ff7855004dcc83b6ff1d) to avoid an overlong README.

- Close all background apps
- Close all open tabs in the browsers that will be tested
- Close out of said browsers and force stop them

> - Run a sanity check to verify the browser your results are sane

Reviewer: Per my main comment, let's not include this in the preflight checklist.

> - Charge to at above 30% (some OEMs are known to cap the performance when the phone is running out of charge)

Reviewer: Consider putting as the first step of the preflight checklist (no point in doing all the other prep if you have to charge it anyway).

Also, suggested wording:

```suggestion
- Ensure the device is fully charged and Battery Saver is not on (some OEMs are known to cap the performance when the phone is running out of charge or on Battery Saver)
```
